Student guide for SPWv5.

Hello, this is a tutorial for Students using Senior project website.

In this video I will show you how to:
log into your senior project account
synchronize your account with LinkedIn account
Upload a picture to your account
rank available projects
and request virtual machines for your project

In the video description I have listed sections of this video with timestamps, so you can
easily navigate to the section you want see.  


Logging into senior project account.

1.After navigating to spws.cis.fiu.edu, you will be redirected to the login page. 

2.Under “Students Access” you should click the "FIU Panther Mail" link, and login using your FIU email credentials. 

3.After successfully logging in, you should be redirected to the "Current Projects" page. 


Ranking projects.

1."Current Projects" page shows all projects approved by the head professor; it will also allow you to view
and rate them.

2.In the “Rank:” textboxes you can now enter a number reflecting your interest in the project;
the number has to be between 1 and 100, where 1 indicates low interest, and 100 high interest,
 -1 number indicates that the project has not been ranked. 

3.Once you have finished ranking, you should then scroll to the bottom of the page,
 and click on the “Save Interest Ranking Scheme” to save the scheme you have just created. 

4.Note that you can opt not to rank any projects, and you will be matched to a project
 that best aligns with skills listed in your account.



Synchronizing your account with LinkedIn & uploading a picture

1.Navigate to your profile page by clicking on persona icon, then clicking on your picture.

2.In your profile page click on “Sync with LinkedIn” button.
 
3.If you already have a picture associated with your account, system will ask you if you want to replace it.
 Click on “Yes”.

4.You will be asked to use your LinkedIn credentials, and allow access to retrieve information. 
Click on “Allow access” button.

5.Your senior project website account should now be updated with pictue and skills from your LinkedIn account.
Important thing to note is that you need to have at least one skill listed on your LinkedIn account for the 
synchronization to work.

6.If you want to use a picture different from the one used on LinkedIn, 
click on "Browse" button to open file manager window, select file you wish to upload, and affirm by clicking on
"Open" button.

7.Finally, Click on "Upload Picture" button to upload your picture. If your account already has an associated picture
,the system will ask if you want to replace it.


Creating a virtual machine request

1.Once deadline for rating projects is over, and you were assigned a project, navigate to your project page
 by clicking "My Project" tab.

2.You will see a button called "Create VM-Request", click on the button to navigate to the next page.

3.Once you are on the "VM – Request" page, select the virtual machine settings from a drop-down list. Let us now
 create a sample request with Ubuntu as the operating system, 256 maga bytes of memory and 4 giga bytes of storage.

4.To do multiple virtual machine requests, click button "Add Another Request" and a new virtual
 machine request will show.

5.Once you have finished selecting all virtual machine settings, you should then click "Submit" button
 to submit your request.

6.After clicking the Submit button, the just submitted requests will show below Previous Request title,
 informing you of the status of the requests you have submitted.


